I will show you one of
the most commonly
used Benchmarks
in natural language processing.
Specifically, you'll learn
about the GLUE Benchmark.
This is used to train,
evaluate, analyze NLP tasks.
Let's take a look at this
in some more detail.
The glue benchmark stands for
General Language
Understanding Evaluation.
It is basically a collection
that is used to train,
evaluate, analyze natural
language understanding systems.
It has a lot of datasets
and each dataset has
several genres and there are
different sizes and
different difficulties.
Some of them are, for example,
used for co-reference
resolution.
Others are just used for
simple sentiment analysis,
others are used for question
answering, and so forth.
It is used with a leaderboard,
so people can use
the datasets and see
how well their models
perform compared to others.
Tasks evaluated on could be,
for example, sentence
grammatical or not.
For example, if a sentence
makes sense or it does not,
is going to be
used on sentiment,
it could be used to
paraphrase some texts,
it could be used on similarity,
on question duplicates.
Whether a question is
answerable or not,
whether it's a contradiction,
whether it's entailment.
Also, for the Winograd schema,
which is basically
trying to identify
whether a pronoun refers
to a certain noun
or to another noun.
It's used to drive research.
As I said, that
researchers usually use
the GLUE as a benchmark.
It is also a model agnostic,
so it doesn't matter
which model you use.
Just evaluate on GLUE and
see how well your
model performs.
Finally, it allows you to make
use of transfer learning
because you have
access to several datasets
and you can learn
certain things from
different datasets
that will help you
evaluate on a completely
new datasets within GLUE.
You now know not only how to
implement states
of the art models,
but you also know how
to evaluate them.
In the next video,
I'll be talking about
question answering
and I'll show you
how you can use
these models to build
a sophisticated QA system.
I'll see you there.